c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\obj\Debug\SquiglyBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\SquiglyBot.pdb
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\obj\Debug\SquiglyBot.pdb
C:\Users\Simon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\SquiglyBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Simon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\SquiglyBot.exe
C:\Users\Simon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\obj\Debug\SquiglyBot.exe
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\SquiglyBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\obj\Debug\SquiglyBot.exe
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\obj\Debug\SquiglyBot.pdb
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\SquiglyBot.exe
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\SquiglyBot.pdb
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\obj\Debug\SquiglyBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.Flac.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.Vorbis.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.WindowsMediaFormat.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NVorbis.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.Vorbis.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\NVorbis.xml
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Simon\Source\Repos\SquiglyBot\SquiglyBot\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.config
